twister: doc: clarify harness and build_only keywords (#54233)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/test/twister.rst

build_only: <True|False> (default False)

>     If true, twister will not try to run the test even if the test is buildable on the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If true, twister will not try to run the test even if the test is runnable on the platform.
``` 
? Sorry, just caught it at the last minute...

    in tests requiring sysbuild support being skipped.

harness: <string>
    A harness string is needed to run the tests successfully. Harness is a
    feature of twister and implemented by twister, some harnesses are defined as
    placeholders and have no implementation yet. A harness can be seen as the
    handler that needs to be implemented in twister to be able to evaluate test
    pass criteria. For example, a keyboard harness is set on tests that require

>     keyboard interaction to reach verdict wheterh a test has passed or failed.

Reviewer: typo in whether

    in tests requiring sysbuild support being skipped.

harness: <string>

>     A harness string is needed to run the tests successfully. Harness is a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    A harness string identifies a Twister harness needed to run a test successfully. A harness is a
```

>     feature of twister and implemented by twister, some harnesses are defined as
>     placeholders and have no implementation yet. A harness can be seen as the
>     handler that needs to be implemented in twister to be able to evaluate if test
>     pass criteria. For example, a keyboard harness is set on tests that require
>     keyboard interaction to reach verdict whether a test has passed or failed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    feature of Twister and is implemented by Twister, some harnesses are defined as
    placeholders and have no implementation yet. A harness can be seen as the
    handler that needs to be implemented in Twister for Twister to be able to evaluate a test's
    pass criteria. For example, a keyboard harness is set on tests that require
    keyboard interaction to reach verdict on whether a test has passed or failed. The console harness tells Twister to parse a test's text output for a regex defined in the test's YAML file.
```

        are i2c_hts221, i2c_bme280, i2c_FRAM, ble_fw and gpio_loop.

        Only one fixture can be defined per testcase and the fixture name has to

>         be unique across all tests in the test suite.

Reviewer 3: Should be included in the previous commit instead?
